(dramatic music)
♪ Bangkok, Oriental setting ♪
♪ And the city don't know
that the city is gettin' ♪
♪ The creme de la creme
of the chess world ♪
♪ In a show with everything
but Yul Brynner ♪
(funky synthesizer music)
♪ Time flies, doesn't seem a minute ♪
♪ Since the Tirolean spa
had the chess boys in it ♪
♪ All change, don't you
know that when you ♪
♪ Play at this level
there's no ordinary venue ♪
♪ It's Iceland or the
Philippines or Hastings or ♪
♪ Or this place ♪
♪ One night in Bangkok and
the world's your oyster ♪
♪ The bars are temples but
the pearls ain't free ♪
♪ You'll find a god in
every golden cloister ♪
♪ And if you're lucky
then the god's a she ♪
♪ I can feel an angel sliding up to me ♪
♪ One town's very like another ♪
♪ When your head's down
over your pieces, brother ♪
♪ It's a drag, it's a bore,
it's really such a pity ♪
♪ To be lookin' at the board,
not lookin' at the city ♪
♪ What do ya mean ♪
♪ You've seen one crowded,
polluted, stinking town ♪
♪ Tea, girls, warm and sweet ♪
♪ Some are set up in the
Somerset Maugham suite ♪
♪ Get thai'd, you're
talking to a tourist ♪
♪ Whose every move's among the purest ♪
♪ I get my kicks above
the waistline, sunshine ♪
♪ One night in Bangkok
makes a hard man humble ♪
♪ Not much between despair and ecstasy ♪
♪ One night in Bangkok and
the tough guys tumble ♪
♪ Can't be too careful with your company ♪
♪ I can feel the devil
walking next to me ♪
(mysterious music)
♪ Siam's gonna be the witness ♪
♪ To the ultimate test
of cerebral fitness ♪
♪ This grips me more than would a ♪
♪ Muddy old river or reclining Buddha ♪
♪ And thank God I'm only watching
the game, controlling it ♪
(funky synthesizer music)
♪ I don't see you guys rating ♪
♪ The kind of mate I'm contemplating ♪
♪ I'd let you watch, I would invite you ♪
♪ But the queens we use
would not excite you ♪
♪ So you better go back to
your bars, your temples ♪
♪ Your massage parlors ♪
♪ One night in Bangkok and
the world's your oyster ♪
♪ The bars are temples but
the pearls ain't free ♪
♪ You'll find a god in
every golden cloister ♪
♪ A little flesh, a little history ♪
♪ I can feel an angel sliding up to me ♪
♪ One night in Bangkok
makes a hard man humble ♪
♪ Not much between despair and ecstasy ♪
♪ One night in Bangkok and
the tough guys tumble ♪
♪ Can't be too careful with your company ♪
♪ I can feel the devil
walking next to me ♪